remove ref to travis (#116)
ome/omero-guides: write_guide.rst

This section describes on to create a new guide.

To create a new guide:
  - Create a new repository on GitHub using the `template guide <https://github.com/ome/guide-template>`_.
  - Add the new repository as a new project on `readthedocs <https://readthedocs.org/>`_.

>   - Add the new repository as a subproject of `omero-guides <https://readthedocs.org/projects/omero-guides/>`_ using an alias e.g. omero-guide-figure has been added as figure,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add the new project as a subproject of `omero-guides <https://readthedocs.org/projects/omero-guides/>`_ using an alias e.g. omero-guide-figure has been added as figure,
```

>   - Add it to the this repository as a submodule using the same alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add the new repository to the `omero-guides repository <https://github.com/ome/omero-guides>`_ as a submodule using the same alias.
```

  - Insert the guide into one of the existing files or in a new file it is a new section.

>   - If the new repository will contain a ``binder`` folder to generate an environment for analysis,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you intend that the new repository contains a ``binder`` folder to generate an environment for analysis,
```

>   add to the `binder_badge.yml <https://github.com/ome/.github/blob/master/workflow-templates/binder_badge.yml>`_ and `repo2docker.yml <https://github.com/ome/.github/blob/master/workflow-templates/repo2docker.yml>`_ workflows to ``.github/workflows``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Removing this sentence completely, as I suggest to add it to the previous bullet point to fix formatting, see https://github.com/ome/omero-guides/pull/116/files#r636809563

This section describes on to create a new guide.

To create a new guide:
  - Create a new repository on GitHub using the `template guide <https://github.com/ome/guide-template>`_.
  - Add the new repository as a new project on `readthedocs <https://readthedocs.org/>`_.
  - Add the new project as a subproject of `omero-guides <https://readthedocs.org/projects/omero-guides/>`_ using an alias e.g. omero-guide-figure has been added as figure,
  - Add the new repository to the `omero-guides repository <https://github.com/ome/omero-guides>`_ as a submodule using the same alias.

>   - Insert the guide into one of the existing files or in a new file it is a new section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Insert the guide into one of the existing files or in a new file if it is a new section.
```
